<!-- Source: https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_setup_mktg_cloud_next_for_a_bu.htm&language=en_US&type=5 -->

# Set Up Marketing Cloud Next for a Business Unit

You are here:

  1. [Salesforce Help](/s/?language=en_US)
  2. [Docs](/s/products?language=en_US)
  3. [Marketing Cloud Next](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_main.htm&language=en_US&type=5)



# Set Up Marketing Cloud Next for a Business Unit

When you have multiple business units, you configure some Marketing Cloud Next settings for each business unit separately, and other settings for the overall org. This means that you complete some tasks on the Business Units Setup page, some tasks in the Marketing Cloud Next Setup Assistant, and other tasks on specialized setup for messaging channels or other features.

### Required Editions

Available in: Salesforce **Enterprise** and **Unlimited** Editions with Marketing Cloud Next **Advanced** Edition  
---  
  
Here's a table that shows the settings that you complete along with their location in Setup.

Setup Task | Location | Required permissions  
---|---|---  
[Add Users to a Business Unit](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.bu_add_users_to_business_units.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "When you create your first business unit, users with the required Marketing Cloud Admin or Marketing Cloud Manager permission set are automatically added as members. For the second business unit and any additional business units you create, you can manually add users with one of the required permission sets. Only the users who you add to a business unit can use segments, flows, personalization, and Marketing Performance, and activate flows in campaigns within the business unit.") | Business Unit Setup | Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Install the Required Data Kits](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_install_the_required_data_kits.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "Data kits and packages contain the objects, fields, and data connections that make Marketing Cloud Next work. You install data kits in each data space that supports a business unit. After you install the data kits, most of the related data streams are deployed. In some cases, you manually deploy the data streams in Data Cloud.") | Business Unit Setup | Data Cloud Architect and Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Configure Identity Resolution Rulesets for Marketing Cloud Next](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_configure_identity_resolution_rulesets.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "Identity resolution is a critical step to organizing and unifying your data. Usually, when your data originates from many systems, it’s modeled and labeled differently in each place. Identity resolution rulesets define the relationships among data model objects \(DMOs\) and their fields. After you configure these rules, Data Cloud can organize and reference related and duplicate data into unified individual records that marketers can use to target audiences.") | Business Unit Setup and Data Cloud | Data Cloud Architect and Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Configure Business Unit Filters for DLOs](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.configure_dlo_filters_for_bu.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To make sure that a business unit’s data is available only in its data space and supports accurate segmentation and analytics, add business unit filters for marketing Data Lake Objects \(DLOs\) automatically. Filters are appended to your existing filters with the BusinessUnitId or DataSpaceId field by using an OR condition. Filters aren’t added to existing DLO filters with an AND condition.") | Business Unit Setup and Data Cloud | Data Cloud Architect and Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Set Up Basic Personalization](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_basic_personalization.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To select attributes for content personalization and flow decisions, create a data graph that’s based on the Unified Individual object. As you build the data graph, select all the data points that you anticipate by using in personalization and automations, such as targeting rules for dynamic content or cross object merge fields.") | Data Cloud and Business Unit Setup | Data Cloud Architect and Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Set Up Marketing Performance for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_marketing_perf_for_bus.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To get detailed analytics, configure the Marketing Performance app for a specific business unit. Get embedded reporting in your campaign records, and access a comprehensive dashboard with insights and trends about your overall marketing efforts.") | Business Unit Setup or Marketing Performance setup | Data Cloud Architect, Marketing Cloud Admin, and Tableau Next Included App Business User  
[Manage Marketing Channels for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_marketing_channels.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "You can assign channels to all business units or a single business unit. Channels include email, SMS, WhatsApp, and Mobile App Messaging. Assign channels to all business units for a single sender address, such as an SMS code or email domain, to be used across the entire organization. Alternatively, assign channels to a single business unit so that individual divisions can use dedicated sender addresses. You can also unassign channels from business units.") | Business Unit Setup | Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Create People and Account Scoring Rules](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_create_people_and_account_scoring_rules.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To begin scoring leads, contacts, prospects, and accounts, create scoring models and use default scoring rules or customize them. When you create a scoring model or scoring rule for a business unit, you work from the business unit settings page instead of the main scoring model page in Salesforce Setup. Otherwise, the steps are the same.") | Business Unit Setup | Configure Marketing Cloud Scoring Models and Data Cloud Architect  
[Set up Einstein Features for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_einstein_setup.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To maximize engagement in each business unit, enable Einstein’s predictive AI features—Send Time Optimization, Engagement Frequency, and Scoring. These tools leverage historical and global data to personalize message timing and frequency.") | Business Unit Setup | Data Cloud Architect and Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Activate Agentforce and Generative AI Features](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_agentforce_add_einstein.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "Agentforce in Marketing Cloud Next helps you create campaign briefs, campaigns, message content, and more using Einstein technology. Einstein predictive features provide insights and data to inform the content and timing of your marketing activities.") | Einstein Setup | Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Configure Web Tracking](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_configure_web_tracking_for_a_business_unit.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To track visitor activities for your campaign on external web pages, create a website connector that collects activity data from your external site. Then, create the embed code to add to your external site, and associate it with your website connector, business unit, and a campaign. You can then copy the embed code to your website.") | Web Tracking Setup | Marketing Cloud Admin  
[Customize Page Layouts](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_customize_page_layouts.htm&language=en_US&type=5 "To display Data 360 Lightning components, such as Profile Engagement and Profile Insights, in the context of a business unit on a record page, use the Business Unit Container component. This container component contains a business-unit dropdown and is available in the Lightning App Builder for the Contact, Lead, and Prospect records.") | Object Manager | Customize Application  
  
  * **[Add Users to a Business Unit](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.bu_add_users_to_business_units.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
When you create your first business unit, users with the required Marketing Cloud Admin or Marketing Cloud Manager permission set are automatically added as members. For the second business unit and any additional business units you create, you can manually add users with one of the required permission sets. Only the users who you add to a business unit can use segments, flows, personalization, and Marketing Performance, and activate flows in campaigns within the business unit.
  * **[Install the Required Data Kits](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_install_the_required_data_kits.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
Data kits and packages contain the objects, fields, and data connections that make Marketing Cloud Next work. You install data kits in each data space that supports a business unit. After you install the data kits, most of the related data streams are deployed. In some cases, you manually deploy the data streams in Data Cloud.
  * **[Configure Identity Resolution Rulesets for Marketing Cloud Next](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_configure_identity_resolution_rulesets.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
Identity resolution is a critical step to organizing and unifying your data. Usually, when your data originates from many systems, it’s modeled and labeled differently in each place. Identity resolution rulesets define the relationships among data model objects (DMOs) and their fields. After you configure these rules, Data Cloud can organize and reference related and duplicate data into unified individual records that marketers can use to target audiences.
  * **[Configure Business Unit Filters for DLOs](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.configure_dlo_filters_for_bu.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To make sure that a business unit’s data is available only in its data space and supports accurate segmentation and analytics, add business unit filters for marketing Data Lake Objects (DLOs) automatically. Filters are appended to your existing filters with the `BusinessUnitId` or `DataSpaceId` field by using an OR condition. Filters aren’t added to existing DLO filters with an AND condition.
  * **[Manage Marketing Channels for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_marketing_channels.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
You can assign channels to all business units or a single business unit. Channels include email, SMS, WhatsApp, and Mobile App Messaging. Assign channels to all business units for a single sender address, such as an SMS code or email domain, to be used across the entire organization. Alternatively, assign channels to a single business unit so that individual divisions can use dedicated sender addresses. You can also unassign channels from business units.
  * **[Set Up Marketing Performance for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_marketing_perf_for_bus.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To get detailed analytics, configure the Marketing Performance app for a specific business unit. Get embedded reporting in your campaign records, and access a comprehensive dashboard with insights and trends about your overall marketing efforts.
  * **[Set Up Basic Personalization](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_basic_personalization.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To select attributes for content personalization and flow decisions, create a data graph that’s based on the Unified Individual object. As you build the data graph, select all the data points that you anticipate by using in personalization and automations, such as targeting rules for dynamic content or cross object merge fields.
  * **[Create People and Account Scoring Rules](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_create_people_and_account_scoring_rules.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To begin scoring leads, contacts, prospects, and accounts, create scoring models and use default scoring rules or customize them. When you create a scoring model or scoring rule for a business unit, you work from the business unit settings page instead of the main scoring model page in Salesforce Setup. Otherwise, the steps are the same.
  * **[Set up Einstein Features for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_einstein_setup.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To maximize engagement in each business unit, enable Einstein’s predictive AI features—Send Time Optimization, Engagement Frequency, and Scoring. These tools leverage historical and global data to personalize message timing and frequency.
  * **[Set Up Agentforce for Business Units](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_set_up_agentforce_add_einstein.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
Agentforce in Marketing Cloud Next helps you create campaign briefs, campaigns, message content, and more using Einstein technology. Einstein predictive features provide insights and data to inform the content and timing of your marketing activities.
  * **[Enable Opportunity Influence for a Business Unit](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_enable_opportunity_influence.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
Opportunity Influence uses engagement data to tie opportunity revenue back to a specific campaign. An engagement activity is eligible for attribution 30 days before the related opportunity is created to the date that the opportunity is set to Closed/Won. Use this attribution data to help you report on ROI, adjust your strategy for current campaigns, and make decisions about future campaigns.
  * **[Configure Web Tracking for a Business Unit](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_configure_web_tracking_for_a_business_unit.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To track visitor activities for your campaign on external web pages, create a website connector that collects activity data from your external site. Then, create the embed code to add to your external site, and associate it with your website connector, business unit, and a campaign. You can then copy the embed code to your website. 
  * **[Customize Page Layouts](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mktg_bu_customize_page_layouts.htm&language=en_US&type=5)**  
To display Data 360 Lightning components, such as Profile Engagement and Profile Insights, in the context of a business unit on a record page, use the Business Unit Container component. This container component contains a business-unit dropdown and is available in the Lightning App Builder for the Contact, Lead, and Prospect records. 


